MON-3524: Update metrics-server in CHANGELOG and README (#2169)
openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator: CHANGELOG.md

# Note: This CHANGELOG is only for the monitoring team to track all monitoring related changes. Please see OpenShift release notes for official changes.

## 4.15

- [#2022](https://github.com/openshift/cluster-monitoring-operator/pull/2022)

> Add support to switch to metrics server from prometheus-adapter in TechPreview mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support to switch to metrics server from prometheus-adapter when the `MetricsServer` feature gate is enabled.
```
